I feel tense or uptight. 
I usually ask permission to do things. 
I worry about other people lauging at me. 
I get scared when my parents go away. 
I keep my eyes open for danger. 
I have trouble getting my breath. 
The idea of going away to camp scares me. 
I get shaky or jittery.
I try to stay near my mom or dad. 
I'm afraid that other kids will make fun of me. 
I try hard to obey my parents and teachers. 
I get dizzy or faint feelings. 
I check things out first. 
I worry about getting called on in class. 
I'm jumpy.
I'm afraid other people will think I'm stupid. 
I keep the liught on at night. 
I have pains in my chest. 
I avoid going to places without my family. 
i feel strange, weird, or unreal. 
I try to do things other people will like. 
I worry abou t what other people think of me. 
I avoid watching scary movies and TV shows. 
My heart races or skips beats. 
I stay away from things that upset me. 
I sleep next to someone from my family. 
I feel restless and on edge. 
i try to do everything exactly right. 
I worry about doing something stupid or embarrassing. 
I get scared riding in teh car or on the bus. 
I feel sick to my stomach. 
I get nervous if I have to perform in public. 
Bad weather, the dark, heights, animals or bugs scare me. 
My hands shake. 
I check to make sure things are safe. 
I have trouble asking other kids to play with me. 
My hands feel sweaty or cold. 
I feel shy. 
I have trouble making up my mind about simple things. 
I get upset over the ghought I might get sick. 
I have bad or silly thoughts that I can't stop. 
I have to do things over and over again for no reason. 
I get really upset about dirt, germs, chemicals, radiation or sticky things. 
I feel that I have to wash or clean more than I really need to. 
I feel I'll be responsible for something bad happening. 
I have to check that nothing terrible has happened. 
I have to check things several times or more. 
I count things for no reason. 
I get too concerned with sin or wrongdoing. 
I have to repeat things until it feels just right. 