My child feels tense or uptight.
My child usually asks permissionto do things.
My child worries about other people laughing at him/her. 
My child gets scared when his/her parents go away.
My child keeps his/her eyes open for danger.
My child has trouble getting his/her breath.
THe idea of ghoing away to camp scares my child.
My child gets shaky or jittery.
My child triest to stay near mom or dad. 
My child is afraid that other kids will make fun of him/her.
My child tries hard to obey his/her parents and teachers. 
My child gets dizzy or faint feelings. 
My child checks things out first. 
My child worries about getting called on in class. 
My child is jumpy.
My child is afraid other people will think he/she is stupid.
My child keeps the light on at night. 
My child has pains in his/her chest. 
My child avoids going places without the family. 
My child feels strange, weird, or unreal.
My child tries to do things other people will like.
My child worries about what other people think of him/her.
My child avoids watching scary movies and TV shows. 
My child's heart races or skips beats. 
My child stays away from things that upset him/her.
My child sleeps next to someone from the family. 
My child feels restless and on edge. 
My child tries to do everything exactly right.
My child worries about doign something stupid or embarrassing.
My child gets cared riding in teh car or on the bus. 
My child feels sick to his/her stomach.
My child gets nervous if he/she has to perform in public. 
Bad weather, the dark, heights, animals or bugs scare my child.
My child's hands will shake.
My child checks to make sure things are safe. 
My child has trouble asking other kids to play with him/her.
My child's hands feel sweaty or cold. 
My child feels shy. 
My child has trouble making up his/her mind about simple thigns. 
My child gets upset over the thought that he/she might get sick. 
My child has bad or silly thoughts that he/she can't stop.
My child has to do things overr and over again for no reason. 
My child gets really upset about dirt, germs, chemicals, radiation or sticky things. 
My child geels he/she has to wash or clean more than he/she really needs to. 
My child feears he/she will be responsible for something bad happening. 
My child has to check that nothing terrible has happened. 
My child has to check things several times or more. 
My child counts things for no reason. 
My child gets too concerned with sin or wrongdoing. 
My child has to repeat things until it feels just right. 