I am sad once in a while., I am sad many times., I am sad all the time.
Nothing will ever work out for me., I am not sure if things will work out for me., Things will work out for me O.K.
I do most things O.K., I do many things wrong., I do everything wrong.
I have fun in many things., I have fun in some things., Nothing is fun at all.
I am bad all the time., I am bad many times., I am bad once in a while.
I think about bad things happening to me once in a while., I worry that bad things will happen to me., I am sure that terrible things will happen to me.
I hate myself., I do not like myself., I like myself.
All bad things are my fault., Many bad things are my fault., Bad things are not usually my fault.
I do not think about killing myself., I think about killing myself but I would not do it., I want to kill myself.
I feel like crying every day., I feel like crying many days., I feel like crying once in a while.
Things bother me all the time., Things bother me many times., Things bother me once in a while.
I like being with people., I do not like being with people many times., I do not want to be with people at all.
I cannot make up my mind about things., It is hard to make up my mind about things., I make up my mind about things easily.
I look O.K., There are some bad things about my looks., I look ugly.
I have to push myself all the time to do my schoolwork., I have to push myself many times to do my schoolwork., Doing schoolwork is not a big problem.
I have trouble sleeping every night., I have trouble sleeping many nights., I sleep pretty well.
I am tired once inm a while., I am tired many days., I am tired all the time.
Most days I do not feel like eating., Many days I do not feel like eating., I eat pretty well.
I do not worry about aches and pains., I worry about aches and pains many times., I worry about aches and pains all the time.
I do not feel alone., I feel alone many times., I feel alone all the time.
I never have fun at school., I have fun at school only once in a while., I have fun at school many times.
I have plenty of friends., I have some friends but I wish I had more., I do not have any friends.
My schoolwork is alright., My schoolwork is not as good as before., I do badly in subjects I used to be good in.
I can never be as good as other kids., I can be just as good as other kids if I want to., I am just as good as other kids.
Nobody really loves me., I am not sure if anybody loves me., I am sure that somebody loves me.
I usually do what I am told., I do not do what I am told most times., I never do what I am told.
I get along with people., I get into fights many times., I get into fights all the time.